1.  Angular:
    Angular is an open source front end framework.
    A component-based framework.
    Built on TypeScript
    Create Single Page Application
    A collection of well-integrated libraries that cover a wide variety of features, including routing, forms management, client-server communication, and more


2.  Installation Steps:
    Install node
    npm install -g @angular/cli (we can also use yarn instead of npm)
    ng v

    For run the code:
    ng serve/s

3.  Difference between npm and yarn
    npm and yarn both are package manager. 
    With the help of a package manager we can install, uninstall, update, and upgrade packages, configure project settings, run scripts, and so on.
    in npm we have used keywords like install, uninstall and update for install, uninstall and update the packages respectively. 
    In yarn we use add, remove and upgrade for install, uninstall and update the packages respectively.

4.  Difference between Workspace and Project:
    Workspace is a collection of projects.
    Projects contain files (code/resouces), settings, and targets that build products from those files and settings.

    Command for Creating a Workspace:
    ng new Workspace_name --create-application=false 

    Command for Creating a Project or an application:
    ng generate application Project_name

5.  Command to create the new library:
    ng generate library lib_name

6.  What is dependency? Write a difference between dev dependency and peer dependency.
    
    Dependencies are modules which are required at runtime. 
    Whenever we install any library that is required in our project that library we can find it in the dependencies object. 
    If a package doesn’t already exist in the node_modules directory, then it is automatically added. 
    Dependencies can be addedby : npm install <package_name>
    
    devDependencies:  devDependencies are modules which are only required during development. 
    It means whenever we want to install any library that is required only in our development phase then we can find it in the dev Dependencies object.
    As we install a package, npm will automatically install the dev dependencies.
    Dev dependencies can be added by: npm install <package_name> --save-dev

    peerDependencies: A peer dependency specifies that our package is compatible with a particular version of an npm package.
    Peer dependencies are only encountered when we publish our own package, that is, when we develop code that will be used by other programs.
    peerDependencies are not automatically installed. We need to manually modify our package.json file in order to add a Peer Dependency.
    We have to add Peer dependencies manually. (Add in a package.json file)

7.  Versioning (version identifiers in dependencies)
    For npm there are many opportunities to manage the accepted version of packages.

    The caret operator (^) allows to specify values depending on their leftmost non-zero number. It allows everything except major updates.
    Example:
    ^1.2.3 -> Everything up to Version 2.0.0 (exclusive)
    ^0.0.3 -> Everything up to Version 0.0.4 (exclusive)

    The tilde operator (~) allows to specify minor level changes on patch level and is depending on the given version.
    Example:
    ~1 -> Between Version 1.0.0 and 2.0.0 (exclusive). or 1.x
    ~1.2.3 -> Between Version 1.2.3 and 1.3.0 (exclusive)

    Simple version: It supports all the versions till the given version.
    Example:
    14.0.0 -> It supports all the versions till 14.0.0.
    2.1.0 -> It supports all the versions till 2.1.0.

8.  What is Linting?
    Linting is the process of checking the source code for Programmatic as well as Stylistic errors. A linter tool/program is a basic static code analyzer.
    Example and command: https://www.samarpaninfotech.com/blog/linting-in-angular/

9.  Differece between Angular 13 and 14
    Have doubts in this. Don't understand the exact difference between them.